IBX-6692: `ibexa_get_anonymous_user_id` Twig helper added (#2353)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/templating/twig_function_reference/storefront_twig_functions.md

        })
    ) }}
{% endif %}
```

### `ibexa_get_anonymous_user_id()`

> `ibexa_get_anonymous_user_id()` returns the configured UserID for the anonymous user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ibexa_get_anonymous_user_id()` returns the configured User ID for the anonymous user (configured in `ibexa.system.<scope>.anonymous_user_id`).
```
